Master Luo is him
Who sent you?
So brave
How dare you lay a finger on my son?
I'll keep you from walking out of the casino alive today
Really?
Ah, I'll move one of his fingers now
What can you do to me?
One is not enough
I can give you another one.
Give it to me
Get this crazy woman out of here
A mob
Master Luo, wait a minute
I'll find someone else.
Lord Governor Roland is here
The Governor is here
Bunch of trash get out of here
Hahahaha
The Governor is here
Just in time
You are dead.
Welcome to the Governor
His Excellency the Governor
It's this crazy woman
He's messing around in your slave farm
And he hurt my men
Hurt my two fingers
Please call the shots for me, Governor
Bring this crazy woman to justice
Execution on the spot shut up
Are you Miss Mu?
Me.
Allure City Race Out of the Land Kun
Meet the Queen